sent10	Tuvia Tzafir	Live_In	Israel	( Israel television rejected a skit by comedian Tuvia Tzafir that attacked public apathy by depicting an Israeli family watching TV while a fire raged outside .)
sent34	Reagan	Live_In	America	( Reagan sounded positive notes reminiscent of earlier speeches throughout his political career _ the pre-eminent position of ` ` We the People ' ' in the American system , the image of America as a shining ` ` city upon a hill , ' ' the importance of paying more attention to American history .)
sent37	Reagan	Live_In	America	( There was no mention at all of the Contras , the arms sales to Iran or the enormous trade deficits that during Reagan 's tenure have turned America into the world 's biggest debtor nation .)
sent50	Nixon	Live_In	U.S.	( A Texas professor who helped mount President Nixon 's unsuccessful attempt to resist a key Watergate subpoena is being considered for the post of U.S. solicitor .)
sent68	Barry Goldwater	Live_In	Arizona	( But four years later , Wright said he would vote against Barry Goldwater because he felt the Arizona senator supported a ` ` slowdown on civil rights ' ' and would take a ` ` harder , more dangerous line on foreign relations. ' ')
sent70	Michael Minns	Live_In	STOCKTON-ON-TEES	( STOCKTON-ON-TEES , England -LRB- AP -RRB- _ Michael Minns received $160 , 000 from the father he never knew and thought was killed in World War II .)
sent70	Michael Minns	Live_In	England	( STOCKTON-ON-TEES , England -LRB- AP -RRB- _ Michael Minns received $160 , 000 from the father he never knew and thought was killed in World War II .)
sent77	Nikita Khrushchev	Live_In	Soviet	( An enraged Nikita Khrushchev instructed Soviet ships to ignore President Kennedy 's naval blockade during the Cuban missile crisis , but the order was reversed just hours before an inevitable confrontation , according to a new book .)
sent79	Anastas Mikoyan	Live_In	Soviet	( Anastas Mikoyan , then Soviet first deputy premier , was the catalyst for the reversal of Khrushchev 's order , according to the authors .)
sent79	Khrushchev	Live_In	Soviet	( Anastas Mikoyan , then Soviet first deputy premier , was the catalyst for the reversal of Khrushchev 's order , according to the authors .)
sent80	Mikoyan	Live_In	Soviet	( Mikoyan ` ` preempted Khrushchev 's order to run the blockade and ordered Soviet ships to stop just short of the quarantine line , ' ' they say .)
sent80	Khrushchev	Live_In	Soviet	( Mikoyan ` ` preempted Khrushchev 's order to run the blockade and ordered Soviet ships to stop just short of the quarantine line , ' ' they say .)
sent83	Kennedy	Live_In	U.S.	( The book , ` ` On the Brink : Americans and Soviets Reexamine the Cuban Missile Crisis , ' ' is based largely on two 1987 conferences sponsored by Harvard _ one that featured top Kennedy advisers and U.S. scholars and a second in which three Soviets joined the Americans .)
sent86	Khrushchev	Live_In	Soviet	( The book said Khrushchev 's order to ignore the blockade was disclosed in a largely unknown work by dissident Soviet historian Roy Medvedev .)
sent86	Roy Medvedev	Live_In	Soviet	( The book said Khrushchev 's order to ignore the blockade was disclosed in a largely unknown work by dissident Soviet historian Roy Medvedev .)
sent88	Aleksander Alekseev	Live_In	Soviet	( Their theory that the warheads were blocked by the quarantine is at odds with a recent disclosure by Aleksander Alekseev , the former ambassador to Cuba , who said in a recent Soviet magazine that 42 medium-range missiles were fully operational .)
sent89	Alekseev	Live_In	Soviet	( But the authors suggested that Alekseev , along with others in the Soviet diplomatic corps , were not receiving accurate information from Moscow about the missiles .)
sent119	Thomas	Live_In	Chisholm	( Composer Thomas is a native of Chisholm , Minn .)
sent119	Thomas	Live_In	Minn .	( Composer Thomas is a native of Chisholm , Minn .)
sent161	Duchess of York	Live_In	Britain	( Britain 's Duchess of York and former Philippines first lady Imelda Marcos topped the list by Blackwell , a designer and self-appointed fashion arbiter whose real name is Richard Sylvan Selzer .)
sent161	Imelda Marcos	Live_In	Philippines	( Britain 's Duchess of York and former Philippines first lady Imelda Marcos topped the list by Blackwell , a designer and self-appointed fashion arbiter whose real name is Richard Sylvan Selzer .)
sent173	Brent	Live_In	Fresno	( Hoffman , who portrays an autistic savant in the movie , returned the favor and called the Fresno boy Monday , talking with Brent and his family for 20 minutes .)
sent188	June Anderson	Live_In	U.S.	( Dancers of Moscow 's Bolshoi Ballet in Moscow and Leningrad 's Kirov Ballet , together with opera singers from the Armenian capital of Yerevan , joined U.S. sopranos June Anderson and Carol Vaness and British dancers and singers .)
sent188	Carol Vaness	Live_In	U.S.	( Dancers of Moscow 's Bolshoi Ballet in Moscow and Leningrad 's Kirov Ballet , together with opera singers from the Armenian capital of Yerevan , joined U.S. sopranos June Anderson and Carol Vaness and British dancers and singers .)
sent200	Bill Gordon	Live_In	Bingham County	( ` ` Temperatures didn 't get too low , but the wind chill was bad , ' ' said Bingham County Sheriff 's Lt. Bill Gordon .)
sent207	Johnny Paul Penry	Live_In	Texas	( The justices heard 60 minutes of arguments Wednesday on whether they will allow the execution of Johnny Paul Penry , 32 , a convicted rapist-murderer sentenced to die in Texas .)
sent208	Charles A. Palmer	Live_In	Texas	( Assistant Charles A. Palmer of Texas argued that executing Penry would not violate the Constitution 's ban against cruel and inhuman punishment .)
sent278	Herbert S. Okun	Live_In	U.S.	( Deputy U.S. Ambassador Herbert S. Okun announced the cancellation just before the council began debate , and officials in Washington confirmed it .)
sent281	Vernon A. Walters	Live_In	U.S.	( On Friday , U.S. Ambassador Vernon A. Walters displayed photographs of one Libyan jet showing shapes resembling missile pods on its wings and fuselage .)
sent282	Ali Sunni Muntasser	Live_In	Libya	( Libya 's deputy ambassador , Ali Sunni Muntasser , said the pictures were retouched and the planes were unarmed and on reconnaissance flights .)
sent285	Yves Fortier	Live_In	Canada	( Canada 's ambassador , Yves Fortier , said the resolution contained ` ` a one-sided account. ' ')
sent286	M. Pierre Brochand	Live_In	France	( France 's deputy representative , M. Pierre Brochand , expressed similar sentiments .)
sent302	Reagan	Live_In	U.S.	( President Reagan has ordered the State Department to devise a payment schedule for repaying all U.S. arrears ;)
sent327	Bob Boyd	Live_In	Chattanooga	( For singer and guitarist Bob Boyd , 57 , the Ranch has been home since he left Chattanooga , Tenn. , 35 years ago .)
sent327	Bob Boyd	Live_In	Tenn.	( For singer and guitarist Bob Boyd , 57 , the Ranch has been home since he left Chattanooga , Tenn. , 35 years ago .)
sent350	Larry Martin	Live_In	Tucson	( Larry Martin , circulation director for the publishing company jointly owned by the parent companies of the Star and the evening Tucson Citizen , estimated that 3 , 000 to 5 , 000 bogus copies were placed in as many as 600 Star vending machines .)
sent412	Sohn	Live_In	New Jersey	( FBI agents arrived at Sohn 's New Jersey home and escorted him to safety only 30 minutes before KCIA agents showed up , an unidentified senior law enforcement official told the Times .)
sent414	Derwinski	Live_In	Chicago	( Derwinski , a Republican from Chicago who served 24 years in Congress , publicly denied 1978 allegations that he leaked the information and refused to testify in the matter before a federal grand jury and the House Ethics Committee .)
sent477	Felipe Gonzalez	Live_In	Spain	( Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez of Spain told reporters , ` ` The police actions and the arrests are of great importance to Spanish society on such a major matter as the battle against terrorism. ' ')
sent493	Ms. Toth	Live_In	Germantown	( Ms. Toth , a 14-year veteran of the Legislature , decided against renting a house for the session , opting for hotel rooms and commuting about 60 miles from her Germantown home because ` ` if something came up this week or next week , I would walk out. ' ')
sent510	William O 'Brien III	Live_In	Madison County	( Madison County Judge William O 'Brien III set a Feb. 28 hearing date for arguments on whether Timothy Jacobs should be returned to North Carolina .)
sent511	Jim Martin	Live_In	North Carolina	( Jacobs ' lawyers asked for the stay after Cuomo signed a request from North Carolina Gov. Jim Martin on Tuesday to return Jacobs .)
sent541	Albert O. Harjula	Live_In	Thomaston	( Albert O. Harjula , 29 , of Thomaston , became trapped first , said Paul Fournier , a spokesman for the state Department of Inland Fisheries and Wildlife .)
sent542	Daniel Sullivan	Live_In	Boothbay	( Daniel Sullivan , 30 , of Boothbay , went down to help and also became stuck , Fournier said .)
sent543	Brian Michaud	Live_In	Millinocket	( During the 10-hour rescue , diver Brian Michaud of Millinocket hooked the men to harnesses , and rescuers dragged them to the surface with winches .)
sent561	Bush	Live_In	U.S.	( An architect of President Nixon 's unsuccessful executive-privilege Watergate defense is a top prospect for the post of U.S. solicitor in the new Bush administration .)
sent589	Susanna Petrosyan	Live_In	Leninakan	( On Dec. 14 , rescuers pulled a mother , Susanna Petrosyan , and her 4-year-old daughter , Gayaney , out of the rubble in Leninakan .)
sent589	Gayaney	Live_In	Leninakan	( On Dec. 14 , rescuers pulled a mother , Susanna Petrosyan , and her 4-year-old daughter , Gayaney , out of the rubble in Leninakan .)
sent652	J.H. Berman	Live_In	Cape Town	( Cape Town Supreme Court Judge J.H. Berman refused to give Port Nolloth municipal authorities the right to forcibly remove the squatters , who live in shacks and tents .)
sent665	Mary	Live_In	Rock Hill	( Campbell , who is going to the inauguration , asked that his sister Mary , who lives in Rock Hill , be mailed tickets as well .)
sent667	Mary Campbell	Live_In	Clover	( Tony Denny , executive director of the state Republican Party , said he didn 't know of any mix-up , but that Mary Campbell of Clover is free to keep her tickets .)
sent670	Darryl Breniser	Live_In	Blue Ball	( After buying the shawl for $1 , 600 , Darryl Breniser of Blue Ball , said the approximately 2-by-5 foot shawl was worth the money .)
sent756	Earl Long	Live_In	Louisiana	( ` ` Blaze , ' ' a film about a former governor and a stripper , will star Paul Newman as Louisiana Gov. Earl Long .)
sent770	Fred Coe	Live_In	Nashville	( He will be the first Vanderbilt artist-in-residence under an endowment in honor of Fred Coe , a director-producer who grew up in Nashville and worked on network TV shows such as Philco Playhouse , Playhouse 90 , Producer 's Showcase and others .)
sent780	Sophie Masloff	Live_In	Pittsburgh	( Pittsburgh Mayor Sophie Masloff touted the joys of her favorite city on the nationally televised Pat Sajak Show and put an end to rumors that she sometimes arrives at work with a cup of homemade chicken soup .)
sent816	Dominique Beuff	Live_In	Khartoum	( Dominique Beuff of the International Committee of the Red Cross in Khartoum said he had reports of people dying at the rate of up to four a day in some areas of the south affected by a 5-year-old civil war .)
sent817	Reith Chuol	Live_In	Upper Nile region	( Reith Chuol , governor of the Upper Nile region , told reporters there were unconfirmed reports of 15 people dying there every day .)
sent843	Mrs. Parks	Live_In	Montgomery	( King rose to prominence after Mrs. Parks ' action in December 1955 in Montgomery , Ala. , set the stage for a boycott and subsequent demonstrations that caught the nation by surprise .)
sent843	Mrs. Parks	Live_In	Ala.	( King rose to prominence after Mrs. Parks ' action in December 1955 in Montgomery , Ala. , set the stage for a boycott and subsequent demonstrations that caught the nation by surprise .)
sent857	Prince Norodom Ranariddh	Live_In	Thailand	( The meeting will be held at the request of the Soviet Union , which also plans direct talks with resistance leader Prince Norodom Sihanouk , said Sihanouk 's son and representative in Thailand , Prince Norodom Ranariddh .)
sent860	Li Zhaoxing	Live_In	Beijing	( At a regular Chinese Foreign Ministry briefing in Beijing on Thursday , spokesman Li Zhaoxing would say only that China will consider direct talks with Vietnam ` ` at an appropriate time. ' ')
sent860	Li Zhaoxing	Live_In	China	( At a regular Chinese Foreign Ministry briefing in Beijing on Thursday , spokesman Li Zhaoxing would say only that China will consider direct talks with Vietnam ` ` at an appropriate time. ' ')
sent862	Eduard A. Shevardnadze	Live_In	Soviet	( Soviet Foreign Eduard A. Shevardnadze is to visit China next month to pave the way for the first Chinese-Soviet summit in 30 years , Chinese television reported Monday .)
sent871	Li	Live_In	Beijing	( In Beijing Thursday , spokesman Li repeated China 's position that the key to the solution of the Cambodian conflict ` ` lies in the genuine and complete Vietnamese troop withdrawal at the earliest possible date and effective international supervision. ' ')
sent871	Li	Live_In	China	( In Beijing Thursday , spokesman Li repeated China 's position that the key to the solution of the Cambodian conflict ` ` lies in the genuine and complete Vietnamese troop withdrawal at the earliest possible date and effective international supervision. ' ')
sent934	Robert Bourassa	Live_In	Canada	( The Globe and Mail , which calls itself Canada 's national newspaper , said in an editorial Thursday that Quebec Premier Robert Bourassa ` ` has received , and deserves , strong criticism for his decision on the language of commercial signs in Quebec. .. .)
sent934	Robert Bourassa	Live_In	Quebec	( The Globe and Mail , which calls itself Canada 's national newspaper , said in an editorial Thursday that Quebec Premier Robert Bourassa ` ` has received , and deserves , strong criticism for his decision on the language of commercial signs in Quebec. .. .)
sent934	Robert Bourassa	Live_In	Quebec.	( The Globe and Mail , which calls itself Canada 's national newspaper , said in an editorial Thursday that Quebec Premier Robert Bourassa ` ` has received , and deserves , strong criticism for his decision on the language of commercial signs in Quebec. .. .)
sent953	Sultan Al-Saud	Live_In	Saudi Arabia	( In 1985 , shuttle passengers included Sultan Al-Saud of Saudi Arabia and Rodolfo Neri Vela , a Mexican .)
sent955	Carlos Andres Perez	Live_In	Caracas	( Dan Quayle 's first trip out of the country as vice is likely to be to Caracas , Venezuela , for Carlos Andres Perez 's presidential inauguration on Feb. 2 , an official in President-elect Bush 's transition said Thursday .)
sent955	Carlos Andres Perez	Live_In	Venezuela	( Dan Quayle 's first trip out of the country as vice is likely to be to Caracas , Venezuela , for Carlos Andres Perez 's presidential inauguration on Feb. 2 , an official in President-elect Bush 's transition said Thursday .)
sent961	Jean Hackett	Live_In	New York City	( Psacharapoulos , who died of colon cancer while vacationing , was engaged to be married to actress Jean Hackett of New York City .)
sent1016	Lou Ray	Live_In	Fontana	( ` ` Weather like this is awful for restaurants , ' ' said Lou Ray , owner of the Smokehouse cafe in Fontana .)
sent1019	Lance Davis	Live_In	Ontario	( At a large truck stop east of the airport , some 2 , 000 truck drivers and campers waited for the winds to die down , said Lance Davis , general manager of Truck Stops of America in Ontario .)
sent1022	Hugh Madlock	Live_In	Orange County	( Elsewhere , a downed power line was blamed for a brush fire that charred 200 acres in Orange County , said county Fire Department Capt. Hugh Madlock .)
sent1028	Denise Garland	Live_In	San Bernardino County	( In San Bernardino County , winds ripped off part of the roof of the sheriff 's station in Rancho Cucamonga and damaged several private cars , said Deputy Denise Garland .)
sent1037	William Doyle	Live_In	Manhattan	( ` ` He -LRB- LaFarge -RRB- was the one who supposedly taught Tiffany how to make the Favrile glass , ' ' said auctioneer William Doyle , who operates an auction house in Manhattan .)
sent1043	LeRoy	Live_In	New York	( I 'm having so much fun , I may try this with Tavern on the Green , ' ' said LeRoy , an avid collector who also owns that famed New York restaurant .)
sent1049	Norma Viscomi	Live_In	Niagara Falls	( The state Supreme Court jury in Niagara County made the award Tuesday to the estate of Thomas Viscomi and his widow , Norma Viscomi , of Niagara Falls .)
sent1063	Stacy Lin Bickel	Live_In	Tempe	( Stacy Lin Bickel , 25 , of Tempe pleaded guilty in November to negligent homicide in the death of Deborah Sue Tomazin , 24 , of Phoenix .)
sent1063	Deborah Sue Tomazin	Live_In	Phoenix	( Stacy Lin Bickel , 25 , of Tempe pleaded guilty in November to negligent homicide in the death of Deborah Sue Tomazin , 24 , of Phoenix .)
sent1065	Richard Pavese	Live_In	Tempe	( The bungled attempt took place March 27 in the office of Miss Bickel 's former employer , Tempe plastic surgeon Richard Pavese .)
sent1131	William J. Bennett	Live_In	U.S.	( There are even hopeful signs in Chicago 's schools , branded 14 months ago as the nation 's worst by U.S. Secretary William J. Bennett .)
sent1132	James Thompson	Live_In	Illinois	( Illinois Gov. James Thompson signed legislation last month scrapping Chicago 's central school board next July , to be replaced by parent-run councils empowered to set budgets and hire and fire principals .)
sent1134	Adam Urbanski	Live_In	Rochester	( As Rochester teacher union leader Adam Urbanski put it : ` ` We have set the table ; we have not served the meal yet. ' ')
sent1145	Peter McWalters	Live_In	Rochester	( Rochester 's Peter McWalters , named in 1986 , signaled willingness to form a working partnership with teachers .)
sent1147	Richard C. Wallace	Live_In	Pittsburgh	( Pittsburgh 's superintendent , Richard C. Wallace , who arrived in 1980 as an outsider to a city enmeshed in a bitter dispute over school desegregation , helped move the school system beyond that dispute and establish it as a national model of reform .)
sent1149	Bob Graham	Live_In	Florida	( ` ` The thing to remember is Florida had an education governor , Bob Graham , and he made a substantial investment in schools long before other states were even thinking about reform. ' ')
sent1153	Buddy Roemer	Live_In	Louisiana	( Still , many are encouraged by the election last year of Louisiana 's reform-minded governor , Buddy Roemer , a property tax increase last April , and a new , expanded school board .)
sent1163	Bush	Live_In	White House	( With exhilaration tempered by ` ` this deficit looming over everything , ' ' Bush takes office at noon Friday , convinced there is neither a need nor a mandate for dramatic change to put his imprint on the White House .)
sent1214	Kennedy	Live_In	Cincinnati	( The timer valve manufactured by GE for the CFM56 engine on the 737 could not have caused the turbine to fail or threatened flight safety even if the valve malfunctioned , Kennedy said in telephone interview from his office in Cincinnati , where GE 's aircraft engine operations are based .)
sent1222	Carl Rubin	Live_In	U.S.	( At the request of the Justice Department , all documents in the Divencenzo suit remained under seal until last Friday , when U.S. District Court Judge Carl Rubin denied a federal motion to allow the Justice Department until Feb. 1 to decide whether to join the case as a plaintiff .)
sent1228	G. Ernest Tidwell	Live_In	U.S.	( The ` ` poison pill , ' ' ruled illegal in November by U.S. District G. Ernest Tidwell , would become effective after a shareholder had acquired 10 percent of the outstanding stock .)
sent1254	Anton Valukas	Live_In	U.S.	( U.S. Attorney Anton Valukas said the investigation into corrupt trading practices is still continuing .)
sent1269	Ricardo Camero Cardiel	Live_In	Ciudad Madero	( The government news agency Notimex reported later that leaders of the union 's locals had designated Ricardo Camero Cardiel , a local leader and senator from the northeastern city of Ciudad Madero , the union 's new secretary-general .)
sent1274	Hernandez Galicia	Live_In	Ciudad Madero	( Hernandez Galicia was arrested when soldiers blew down his door with a bazooka in a raid on his Ciudad Madero home .)
sent1304	Willi Marx	Live_In	Heuchelheim	( ` ` This is really hurting Heuchelheim , ' ' the town 's mayor Willi Marx told The Associated Press in an interview at his office earlier this month .)
sent1306	Robert C. Corduwener	Live_In	Netherlands	( Minox has not shown a profit since 1981 , and on April 1 , 1988 , Robert C. Corduwener , a Netherlands businessman bought a 51 percent share of the company to take control from the Rinn family .)
sent1336	Guy M. Struve	Live_In	New York	( Guy M. Struve , the New York attorney representing Church 's , said he was disappointed and did not know when the chain would decide whether to appeal Thursday 's ruling .)
sent1345	Fred Demler	Live_In	New York	( Further buying was linked to rumors that the Chilean copper company Codelco was considering shutting down its smelter at Chuquicamata , the world 's largest copper mine , due to persistent mechanical problems , said Fred Demler , metals economist with Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. in New York .)
sent1366	James Cirona	Live_In	San Francisco	( The disclosure was contained in a half-inch-thick statement from James Cirona , president of the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco .)
sent1405	Daniel Urquhart	Live_In	Aumsville	( ` ` He was going pretty fast , wasn 't he ? ' ' said Daniel Urquhart , 8 , of Aumsville , whose slug crept to the championship.)
sent1415	William R. Higgins	Live_In	U.S.	( Text of the statement issued by the Organization of the Oppressed on Earth claiming U.S. Marine Lt. William R. Higgins was hanged.)
sent1417	Higgins	Live_In	America	( In the name of God , the Merciful , the Compassionate , Since criminal America and the Zionist enemy did not take our decision to execute American spy Higgins seriously , and since Sheik Abdul Karim Obeid and his two brethren were not freed by the specified deadline out of disdain for our ultimatum , the life of Higgins and our sacred sanctities , and to implement God 's just will , the execution of American spy Higgins has been carried out by hanging at 3 p.m. this Monday afternoon 28 Zul Hijja , 1409 Hegira , which coincides with July 31 , 1989 A.D. He will be an example for those who fear the day of reckoning.)
sent1417	Higgins	Live_In	America	( In the name of God , the Merciful , the Compassionate , Since criminal America and the Zionist enemy did not take our decision to execute American spy Higgins seriously , and since Sheik Abdul Karim Obeid and his two brethren were not freed by the specified deadline out of disdain for our ultimatum , the life of Higgins and our sacred sanctities , and to implement God 's just will , the execution of American spy Higgins has been carried out by hanging at 3 p.m. this Monday afternoon 28 Zul Hijja , 1409 Hegira , which coincides with July 31 , 1989 A.D. He will be an example for those who fear the day of reckoning.)
sent1417	Higgins	Live_In	America	( In the name of God , the Merciful , the Compassionate , Since criminal America and the Zionist enemy did not take our decision to execute American spy Higgins seriously , and since Sheik Abdul Karim Obeid and his two brethren were not freed by the specified deadline out of disdain for our ultimatum , the life of Higgins and our sacred sanctities , and to implement God 's just will , the execution of American spy Higgins has been carried out by hanging at 3 p.m. this Monday afternoon 28 Zul Hijja , 1409 Hegira , which coincides with July 31 , 1989 A.D. He will be an example for those who fear the day of reckoning.)
sent1434	Hayes Picou	Live_In	Louisiana	( In southwest Louisiana 's Cameron Parish -LRB- county -RRB- , civil defense director Hayes Picou about 8 , 500 of the low-lying parish 's 10 , 000 residents had evacuated the southern coast , most to stay with friends or relatives.)
sent1434	Hayes Picou	Live_In	Cameron Parish	( In southwest Louisiana 's Cameron Parish -LRB- county -RRB- , civil defense director Hayes Picou about 8 , 500 of the low-lying parish 's 10 , 000 residents had evacuated the southern coast , most to stay with friends or relatives.)
sent1483	Quayles	Live_In	Naval Observatory	( The Quayles ' children _ Tucker , 15 , Benjamin , 12 , and Corinne , 10 _ live on the top floor of the three-story building , which is on the rolling grounds of the Naval Observatory in northwest Washington and was built in 1894.)
sent1483	Quayles	Live_In	Washington	( The Quayles ' children _ Tucker , 15 , Benjamin , 12 , and Corinne , 10 _ live on the top floor of the three-story building , which is on the rolling grounds of the Naval Observatory in northwest Washington and was built in 1894.)
sent1483	Tucker	Live_In	Naval Observatory	( The Quayles ' children _ Tucker , 15 , Benjamin , 12 , and Corinne , 10 _ live on the top floor of the three-story building , which is on the rolling grounds of the Naval Observatory in northwest Washington and was built in 1894.)
sent1483	Tucker	Live_In	Washington	( The Quayles ' children _ Tucker , 15 , Benjamin , 12 , and Corinne , 10 _ live on the top floor of the three-story building , which is on the rolling grounds of the Naval Observatory in northwest Washington and was built in 1894.)
sent1483	Benjamin	Live_In	Naval Observatory	( The Quayles ' children _ Tucker , 15 , Benjamin , 12 , and Corinne , 10 _ live on the top floor of the three-story building , which is on the rolling grounds of the Naval Observatory in northwest Washington and was built in 1894.)
sent1483	Benjamin	Live_In	Washington	( The Quayles ' children _ Tucker , 15 , Benjamin , 12 , and Corinne , 10 _ live on the top floor of the three-story building , which is on the rolling grounds of the Naval Observatory in northwest Washington and was built in 1894.)
sent1483	Corinne	Live_In	Naval Observatory	( The Quayles ' children _ Tucker , 15 , Benjamin , 12 , and Corinne , 10 _ live on the top floor of the three-story building , which is on the rolling grounds of the Naval Observatory in northwest Washington and was built in 1894.)
sent1483	Corinne	Live_In	Washington	( The Quayles ' children _ Tucker , 15 , Benjamin , 12 , and Corinne , 10 _ live on the top floor of the three-story building , which is on the rolling grounds of the Naval Observatory in northwest Washington and was built in 1894.)
sent1500	Richard Taylor	Live_In	Atlanta	( ` ` We were there six days unsupported , ' ' said society co-leader Richard Taylor , an Atlanta architect.)
sent1501	Neil Estes.	Live_In	Atlanta	( ` ` We 'd play hearts for hours at a time , ' ' said Atlanta businessman Neil Estes.)
sent1505	Norman Vaughan	Live_In	Trapper Creek	( Epps credited Norman Vaughan , 83 , of Trapper Creek , Alaska , the last man to see the planes , with keeping the expedition 's hopes alive.)
sent1505	Norman Vaughan	Live_In	Alaska	( Epps credited Norman Vaughan , 83 , of Trapper Creek , Alaska , the last man to see the planes , with keeping the expedition 's hopes alive.)
sent1523	Mrs. Say	Live_In	Kentucky.	( ` ` What we have witnessed , in the Israeli retaliation in kind for the kidnapping of their people , -LRB- is -RRB- that violence truly does beget violence and that I hope the United States will use this opportunity for reconciliation rather than retaliation , ' ' Mrs. Say said in an interview from her home near Cadiz in western Kentucky.)
sent1524	Mary Fisher	Live_In	Louisville	( Higgins ' sister , Mary Fisher , said from her home in the Louisville suburb of Okolona that she believed Higgins ' was dead before she saw the videotape.)
sent1524	Mary Fisher	Live_In	Okolona	( Higgins ' sister , Mary Fisher , said from her home in the Louisville suburb of Okolona that she believed Higgins ' was dead before she saw the videotape.)
sent1526	Mitch McConnell	Live_In	U.S.	( U.S. Sen. Mitch McConnell , who attended church in south Louisville with Higgins in the 1950s , recommended he be given the nation 's highest honor , the Medal of Honor.)
sent1534	Higgins	Live_In	Danville	( Lancaster , a farming town of 3 , 400 , claims Higgins as a native son although he was born a county away in Danville , which had the nearest hospital , and grew up mainly in Louisville.)
sent1534	Higgins	Live_In	Louisville.	( Lancaster , a farming town of 3 , 400 , claims Higgins as a native son although he was born a county away in Danville , which had the nearest hospital , and grew up mainly in Louisville.)
sent1612	Tom Van Sant	Live_In	Santa Monica	( ` ` That original one was knocked down for a reason by the tanks , and I presume this one was knocked down for the same reason , ' ' Santa Monica artist Tom Van Sant said Monday after the 23-foot-tall statue was found crushed and broken in pieces.)
sent1632	Gerald Baliles	Live_In	Virginia	( ` ` He is the same easy-going , soft-spoken , self-effacing man we knew as governor of New Hampshire , ' ' said Virginia Gov. Gerald Baliles , a Democrat.)
sent1635	Baliles	Live_In	Virginia	( Bush , who acknowledged that Sununu was ` ` not quiet and retiring ' ' also had words for Virginia 's Baliles , who was stepping down after a year as chairman of the association.)
sent1637	Richard Celeste.	Live_In	Ohio	( The president appeared a bit startled when he saw Ohio 's governor , Democrat Richard Celeste.)
