sent1644	Michael Dukakis	Live_In	Massachusetts.	( Walking around the assembled governors , Bush also came face to face with the man he defeated last November , Democrat Michael Dukakis of Massachusetts.)
sent1646	Thomas Kean	Live_In	New Jersey	( New Jersey Gov. Thomas Kean , who is leaving office after two terms at the end of this year , was greeted with effuse public praise by his colleagues during the conference.)
sent1647	Mario Cuomo	Live_In	New York	( But New York Gov. Mario Cuomo , who enthusiastically joined in the chorus , interrupted his own praise for Kean to add a bit of explanation.)
sent1656	Mrs. Tsuruyama	Live_In	Yatsushiro	( Mrs. Tsuruyama is from Yatsushiro in Kumamoto Prefecture in southern Japan .)
sent1656	Mrs. Tsuruyama	Live_In	Kumamoto Prefecture	( Mrs. Tsuruyama is from Yatsushiro in Kumamoto Prefecture in southern Japan .)
sent1656	Mrs. Tsuruyama	Live_In	Japan	( Mrs. Tsuruyama is from Yatsushiro in Kumamoto Prefecture in southern Japan .)
sent1673	Jim Hightower	Live_In	Texas	( ` ` From the onset , we at the Texas Department of Agriculture felt that more was at stake than steak , and a whole lot more was at stake than growth hormones , ' ' said Texas Agriculture Commissioner Jim Hightower at a news conference Monday.)
sent1674	Bush	Live_In	U.S.	( In May , the Bush administration and the 12-nation European Community reached an interim agreement that allowed resumption of sales of about 15 percent of the $100 million in U.S. beef exports to Europe.)
sent1695	Wang Shaohua	Live_In	San Francisco	( Wang Shaohua , an official with China 's consulate in San Francisco , said those who fled ` ` were instigated by people with motives to bring damage to China. ' ')
sent1702	Hua Wen-Yi	Live_In	Shanghai	( Included in the group who remained here was Hua Wen-Yi , a famous opera singer in Shanghai , said Leonard Lee , editor of the Chinese Times , a Chinese language daily newspaper in San Francisco.)
sent1702	Leonard Lee	Live_In	San Francisco.	( Included in the group who remained here was Hua Wen-Yi , a famous opera singer in Shanghai , said Leonard Lee , editor of the Chinese Times , a Chinese language daily newspaper in San Francisco.)
sent1714	Marie Magdefrau Ferraro	Live_In	Bethany	( Marie Magdefrau Ferraro , 50 , of Bethany , Conn. , was shot to death Thursday when two bandits armed with assault rifles emerged from nearby bushes and began firing at a van carrying a Connecticut Audubon Society wildlife wild tour group .)
sent1714	Marie Magdefrau Ferraro	Live_In	Conn.	( Marie Magdefrau Ferraro , 50 , of Bethany , Conn. , was shot to death Thursday when two bandits armed with assault rifles emerged from nearby bushes and began firing at a van carrying a Connecticut Audubon Society wildlife wild tour group .)
sent1787	Dave Olson	Live_In	Idaho	( ` ` We 're in for a long haul , ' ' said Dave Olson of the Payette National Forest in Idaho , where more than 200 fires continued to burn.)
sent1814	Gerald Schwartz.	Live_In	Miami Beach	( ` ` You can count it on your fingertips , ' ' said veteran Miami Beach political Gerald Schwartz.)
sent1818	David Leahy	Live_In	Dade County	( David Leahy , elections supervisor for Dade County , said his 18 percent turnout projection was a guess because there hasn 't been a special congressional election in recent history , and never in August , a vacation month.)
sent1828	John Stembridge.	Live_In	North Miami	( Also on the GOP ballot are insurance broker David Fleischer and former North Miami Mayor John Stembridge.)
sent1838	Michael Henley Jr.	Live_In	Grants	( Michael Henley Jr. , 10 , disappeared on a turkey hunt with his father in April 1988 in the mountains near their hometown of Grants , N.M. Ms. Calico , then 19 , disappeared five months later while bicycling on a country road near her hometown of Belen , N.M.)
sent1838	Michael Henley Jr.	Live_In	N.M.	( Michael Henley Jr. , 10 , disappeared on a turkey hunt with his father in April 1988 in the mountains near their hometown of Grants , N.M. Ms. Calico , then 19 , disappeared five months later while bicycling on a country road near her hometown of Belen , N.M.)
sent1838	Ms. Calico	Live_In	N.M.	( Michael Henley Jr. , 10 , disappeared on a turkey hunt with his father in April 1988 in the mountains near their hometown of Grants , N.M. Ms. Calico , then 19 , disappeared five months later while bicycling on a country road near her hometown of Belen , N.M.)
sent1838	Ms. Calico	Live_In	Belen	( Michael Henley Jr. , 10 , disappeared on a turkey hunt with his father in April 1988 in the mountains near their hometown of Grants , N.M. Ms. Calico , then 19 , disappeared five months later while bicycling on a country road near her hometown of Belen , N.M.)
sent1838	Ms. Calico	Live_In	N.M.	( Michael Henley Jr. , 10 , disappeared on a turkey hunt with his father in April 1988 in the mountains near their hometown of Grants , N.M. Ms. Calico , then 19 , disappeared five months later while bicycling on a country road near her hometown of Belen , N.M.)
sent1842	Doug Beldon	Live_In	Albuquerque	( On Monday , FBI spokesman Doug Beldon in Albuquerque , N.M. , said the agency would provide background information on the Henley disappearance and make available its laboratory and identification division in Washington.)
sent1842	Doug Beldon	Live_In	N.M.	( On Monday , FBI spokesman Doug Beldon in Albuquerque , N.M. , said the agency would provide background information on the Henley disappearance and make available its laboratory and identification division in Washington.)
sent1861	Bob Miller	Live_In	Nevada.	( Gov. Bob Miller recently signed a bill prohibiting storage of high-level radioactive waste in Nevada.)
sent1866	Roland Dumas	Live_In	France.	( ` ` This constitutes a great first step forward on the path which should provide a return to peace for this country , ' ' said Foreign Roland Dumas of France.)
sent1893	Robert Isaacks	Live_In	High Island.	( It 's doing a lot of wind damage , ' ' said Robert Isaacks , an emergency medical technician on High Island.)
sent1901	Betty Barrow	Live_In	High Island.	( ` ` We get worse thunderstorms than this , ' ' said Betty Barrow , a 28-year resident who remained on High Island.)
sent1902	Ms. Barrow	Live_In	High Island	( Chantal knocked out power on High Island shortly after 7 a.m. , but the few businesses in town remained open , including a grocery where Ms. Barrow was on duty.)
sent1908	Malcolm Grant	Live_In	Port Arthur	( Port Arthur Mayor Malcolm Grant asked the 800 residents of Sabine Pass to evacuate the coastal community just west of the Louisiana line , citing the likelihood of high water closing the only highway between the town and Port Arthur.)
sent1908	Malcolm Grant	Live_In	Port Arthur.	( Port Arthur Mayor Malcolm Grant asked the 800 residents of Sabine Pass to evacuate the coastal community just west of the Louisiana line , citing the likelihood of high water closing the only highway between the town and Port Arthur.)
sent1911	Lutie Dyson	Live_In	Lake Charles	( ` ` If they tell us to get out , we get out , ' ' said Lutie Dyson , 62 , who with her husband and about 65 others took shelter in a school in Lake Charles , La.)
sent1911	Lutie Dyson	Live_In	La.	( ` ` If they tell us to get out , we get out , ' ' said Lutie Dyson , 62 , who with her husband and about 65 others took shelter in a school in Lake Charles , La.)
sent1946	Tom Defelice	Live_In	Warwick	( The real lucky duck was Tom Defelice of Warwick , who won a vacation for four at Disney World in Florida after his duck crossed the finish line first in 51 : 15.)
sent1953	Sherman Finesilver	Live_In	U.S.	( U.S. District Judge Sherman Finesilver , who ordered the investigation at the request of Acting John C. Keene , said that the 23-member panel would serve for 18 months and that the term could be extended another 18 months.)
sent1993	Abebe Worke	Live_In	Ethiopia	( Mrs. Rose hired Abebe Worke , one of Ethiopia 's most distinguished lawyers and a former member of the country 's High Court , to investigate.)
sent2045	Tim Valentine	Live_In	U.S.	( Rep. Tim Valentine , D-N.C. , however , said he cannot understand why illegal aliens should be allowed to dilute the representation of U.S. citizens.)
sent2054	Richard Celeste	Live_In	Ohio	( The Democrats elected Ohio 's Richard Celeste to be chairman of the Democratic Governors ' Association , beginning in January.)
sent2055	Terry Branstad	Live_In	Iowa	( Iowa Republican Terry Branstad was installed as new chairman of the bipartisan National Governors ' Association , and Democrat Booth Gardner of Washington was selected to serve as vice to follow Branstad as chairman in a year.)
sent2055	Booth Gardner	Live_In	Washington	( Iowa Republican Terry Branstad was installed as new chairman of the bipartisan National Governors ' Association , and Democrat Booth Gardner of Washington was selected to serve as vice to follow Branstad as chairman in a year.)
sent2055	Branstad	Live_In	Iowa	( Iowa Republican Terry Branstad was installed as new chairman of the bipartisan National Governors ' Association , and Democrat Booth Gardner of Washington was selected to serve as vice to follow Branstad as chairman in a year.)
sent2059	Cecil Andrus	Live_In	Idaho	( One was Idaho Gov. Cecil Andrus , who said he needed to deal with forest fires that have become ` ` totally out of control. ' ')
sent2062	Gerald Baliles	Live_In	Virginia	( Democratic Gov. Gerald Baliles of Virginia , who was being replaced as chairman of the governors ' association by Republican Terry Branstad of Iowa , said , ` ` We 're impressed with the accessibility and indications of a cooperative attitude ' ' from Bush.)
sent2062	Terry Branstad	Live_In	Iowa	( Democratic Gov. Gerald Baliles of Virginia , who was being replaced as chairman of the governors ' association by Republican Terry Branstad of Iowa , said , ` ` We 're impressed with the accessibility and indications of a cooperative attitude ' ' from Bush.)
sent2063	Bill Clinton	Live_In	Arkansas	( Democrat Bill Clinton of Arkansas said the summit will keep education and child-related issues on the public agenda.)
sent2064	Richard Celeste	Live_In	Ohio	( But Ohio Gov. Richard Celeste , a Democrat , said Bush 's remarks were too little considering Bush 's campaign claim to be ` ` the education president. ' ')
sent2194	Mason	Live_In	Atlanta	( Mason , who headed the Centers for Disease Control in Atlanta before being appointed to the No. 2 HHS job by President Bush , said he faces a similar dilemma in the emerging fiscal 1990 budget because the AZT program is authorized at $30 million but not included in the appropriations bill scheduled for debate later this week.)
sent2223	Bush	Live_In	United States	( President Bush announced Tuesday the United States will provide up to $50 million in food aid for Poland to help avert shortages in the country as it struggles to reform its government and economy.)
sent2249	David Cicippio	Live_In	North Wales	( David Cicippio , an electronics technician from North Wales , Pa. , voiced frustration with the latest ordeal , which was provoked by the Israeli abduction of a Shiite Moslem cleric , Sheik Abdul Karim Obeid , last week.)
sent2249	David Cicippio	Live_In	Pa.	( David Cicippio , an electronics technician from North Wales , Pa. , voiced frustration with the latest ordeal , which was provoked by the Israeli abduction of a Shiite Moslem cleric , Sheik Abdul Karim Obeid , last week.)
sent2255	Anderson	Live_In	Middle East	( Anderson , 41 , was the chief Middle East correspondent for The Associated Press when he was kidnapped in Beirut on March 16 , 1985.)
sent2257	Jacobsen	Live_In	Colorado	( Jacobsen , speaking from his Colorado home , said sources in London told him that Anderson was to be freed last Saturday by the new Iranian government as a gesture of good will.)
sent2263	Mrs. Cicippio	Live_In	Beirut.	( ` ` Please don 't execute him , please , ' ' said Mrs. Cicippio , who works at the American Embassy in east Beirut.)
sent2268	Elizabeth Dole	Live_In	U.S.	( OSHA now wants the civil cases postponed so the case can be reviewed for possible criminal violations , U.S. Elizabeth Dole said in a statement Tuesday.)
sent2291	Mikhail S. Gorbachev	Live_In	Soviet	( The study did not take into account recent promises by Soviet President Mikhail S. Gorbachev to reduce military spending. _When the Soviet total is combined with U.S. military spending of $296 billion , the superpower total exceeded the next largest spender by more than 8 -LCB- to 1 in 1987. France , West Germany and Great Britain assumed the third , fourth and fifth positions , respectively , in military spending in 1987.)
sent2291	Mikhail S. Gorbachev	Live_In	Soviet	( The study did not take into account recent promises by Soviet President Mikhail S. Gorbachev to reduce military spending. _When the Soviet total is combined with U.S. military spending of $296 billion , the superpower total exceeded the next largest spender by more than 8 -LCB- to 1 in 1987. France , West Germany and Great Britain assumed the third , fourth and fifth positions , respectively , in military spending in 1987.)
sent2308	Virginia Towle	Live_In	Wallingford	( ` ` I don 't think there are any good answers why , ' ' said Virginia Towle of Wallingford , a family friend.)
sent2336	Bob Dole	Live_In	Kansas	( Senate Bob Dole of Kansas on Tuesday threatened a parliamentary maneuver that could help force passage of President Bush 's savings and loan bailout before Congress goes on vacation by attaching it to essential legislation.)
sent2364	Vladimir Ashkenazy	Live_In	Soviet	( A golden future seemed assured when , at 25 , Ogdon shared top place with Soviet pianist Vladimir Ashkenazy in the piano section of the 1962 Moscow Tchaikovsky International Competition for young musicians.)
sent2403	Tom Muri.	Live_In	Whitefish City	( The spilled fuel covered an area two miles long and nearly a half-mile wide , said Whitefish City Attorney Tom Muri.)
sent2423	Cecil Ray.	Live_In	King County	( The injured man was being treated for stab wounds to the neck and was under police guard , said King County police spokesman Cecil Ray.)
sent2424	Debra Sweiger	Live_In	Issaquah	( The dead woman was identified as Debra Sweiger of Issaquah , said King County O Investigator Vaughn Van Zant.)
sent2424	Debra Sweiger	Live_In	King County	( The dead woman was identified as Debra Sweiger of Issaquah , said King County O Investigator Vaughn Van Zant.)
sent2424	Vaughn Van Zant.	Live_In	King County	( The dead woman was identified as Debra Sweiger of Issaquah , said King County O Investigator Vaughn Van Zant.)
sent2430	Sherman G. Finesilver	Live_In	U.S.	( Chief U.S. Sherman G. Finesilver told the 23 grand jurors their only task during the 18-month term would be ` ` to determine what criminal acts , if any , were committed at Rocky Flats nuclear weapons plant. ' ')
sent2436	Mike Norton	Live_In	U.S.	( Working with U.S. Mike Norton on the case are Assistant Ken Fimberg of Denver and Peter Murtha , a special prosecutor in the environmental crime section of the Justice Department in Washington.)
sent2436	Ken Fimberg	Live_In	Denver	( Working with U.S. Mike Norton on the case are Assistant Ken Fimberg of Denver and Peter Murtha , a special prosecutor in the environmental crime section of the Justice Department in Washington.)
sent2436	Peter Murtha	Live_In	U.S.	( Working with U.S. Mike Norton on the case are Assistant Ken Fimberg of Denver and Peter Murtha , a special prosecutor in the environmental crime section of the Justice Department in Washington.)
sent2436	Peter Murtha	Live_In	Washington.	( Working with U.S. Mike Norton on the case are Assistant Ken Fimberg of Denver and Peter Murtha , a special prosecutor in the environmental crime section of the Justice Department in Washington.)
sent2465	Kim Dae-jung	Live_In	South Korea	( Kim Dae-jung , head of South Korea 's leading opposition party , was detained on a court warrant Wednesday for questioning in connection with a party lawmaker 's illegal trip to communist North Korea.)
sent2536	Harrington	Live_In	Larchmont	( Harrington , a professor of political science at Queens College of the City University of New York and honorary president of the Socialist International , died Monday night at his home in suburban Larchmont , the university said in a statement Tuesday.)
sent2539	John Kennedy	Live_In	United States	( ` ` The luck was that the book came out at a time when there was a president of the United States who read books , John Kennedy , and he read it , ' ' Harrington said.)
sent2556	Bush	Live_In	U.S.	( An outraged President Bush is weighing U.S. options for responding to the ` ` brutal and tragic ' ' murder of Marine Lt. William Higgins while ruling out negotiations with Lebanese terrorists threatening to kill more hostages.)
sent2571	Cecil Andrus	Live_In	Idaho	( One was Idaho Gov. Cecil Andrus , who said he needed to deal with forest fires that have become ` ` totally out of control. ' ')
sent2577	Felix S. Bloch	Live_In	U.S.	( U.S. diplomat Felix S. Bloch , suspected of spying for the Soviets , sipped grapefruit juice and calmly watched for 45 minutes as a foreign correspondent showed him videotapes and clippings of how his story is being told in his native Austria.)
sent2578	Robert Weisner	Live_In	Washington	( ` ` I tried and tried , but he said he wouldn 't answer questions on the substance of his case , ' ' said Robert Weisner , the Washington correspondent for state-run Austrian television.)
sent2603	Prateep Ungsongtham	Live_In	Bangkok.	( Another beacon of the better life is Prateep Ungsongtham , known as the ` ` Slum Angel of Bangkok. ' ')
sent2637	Baruch Arensberg	Live_In	Israel.	( ` ` For the first time it is possible to say from an anatomical point of view that primitive man could speak , ' ' said Professor Baruch Arensberg of Tel Aviv Univerisity , a member of the team studying the remains found in northern Israel.)
sent2640	Bernard Vandermeersch	Live_In	France	( Arensberg and a group of nine other professors directed by Ofer Bar-Yosef of Harvard University and Bernard Vandermeersch of the University of Bordeaux in France have studied the findings at Kebara for the past six years.)
sent2643	Phillip Lieberman	Live_In	Providence	( Linguist Phillip Lieberman of Brown Univeristy in Providence , R.I. , was quoted as saying : ` ` At this point , the Kebara hyoid doesn 't tell us anything about the evolution of speech and language. ' ')
sent2643	Phillip Lieberman	Live_In	R.I.	( Linguist Phillip Lieberman of Brown Univeristy in Providence , R.I. , was quoted as saying : ` ` At this point , the Kebara hyoid doesn 't tell us anything about the evolution of speech and language. ' ')
sent2647	Jeffrey Laitman	Live_In	New York	( Anatomist Jeffrey Laitman of New York 's Mount Sinai School of Medicine also disputed the Kebara team 's findings.)
sent2649	Dean Falk	Live_In	Albany	( Anthropoligist Dean Falk of State University of New York at Albany supports the Kebara findings in the Science News article.)
sent2697	Antonio Cafiero.	Live_In	Argentina	( An estimated one in four Argentina 's 31 million people lives in poverty ; 820 , 000 people in Buenos Aires Province alone eat at least one meal a day at some 1 , 500 soup kitchens that have opened , according to Gov. Antonio Cafiero.)
sent2697	Antonio Cafiero.	Live_In	Buenos Aires Province	( An estimated one in four Argentina 's 31 million people lives in poverty ; 820 , 000 people in Buenos Aires Province alone eat at least one meal a day at some 1 , 500 soup kitchens that have opened , according to Gov. Antonio Cafiero.)
sent2735	Miguel Rodriguez	Live_In	Venezuela	( Venezuela 's chief debt negotiator , Miguel Rodriguez , told reporters Monday that his country would seek at least a 50 percent reduction of its debt , beyond Mexico 's gains in negotiations with its bank creditors.)
sent2741	Harold Abramson	Live_In	U.S.	( U.S. Bankruptcy Judge Harold Abramson said creditors in the bankruptcy case of William Herbert and Nancy Hunt can submit suggestions on how the Hunts should repay their debts.)
sent2813	Daniel L. Bakst	Live_In	West Palm Beach	( But trustee Daniel L. Bakst , a West Palm Beach , Fla. , lawyer , said he will not let the 11th-hour settlement efforts interfere with his assignment to track down Warner 's assets for distribution to creditors.)
sent2813	Daniel L. Bakst	Live_In	Fla.	( But trustee Daniel L. Bakst , a West Palm Beach , Fla. , lawyer , said he will not let the 11th-hour settlement efforts interfere with his assignment to track down Warner 's assets for distribution to creditors.)
sent2817	Warner	Live_In	Ocala	( Warner , who now lives in Ocala , Fla. , and filed the petition in U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Jacksonville , Fla. , sought protection from creditors seeking more than $4 billion from him.)
sent2817	Warner	Live_In	Fla.	( Warner , who now lives in Ocala , Fla. , and filed the petition in U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Jacksonville , Fla. , sought protection from creditors seeking more than $4 billion from him.)
sent2820	Warner	Live_In	U.S.	( Warner , a former U.S. ambassador to Switzerland , was convicted on Ohio felony charges in Home State 's collapse , but was acquitted of federal charges in a separate trial.)
sent2820	Warner	Live_In	Switzerland	( Warner , a former U.S. ambassador to Switzerland , was convicted on Ohio felony charges in Home State 's collapse , but was acquitted of federal charges in a separate trial.)
sent2822	George Proctor	Live_In	U.S.	( U.S. Bankruptcy Judge George Proctor on Friday authorized appointment of Bakst as trustee.)
sent2826	Andrew Hall	Live_In	Miami	( One of Warner 's lawyers , Andrew Hall of Miami , Fla. , confirmed Tuesday that Warner is trying to settle the case.)
sent2826	Andrew Hall	Live_In	Fla.	( One of Warner 's lawyers , Andrew Hall of Miami , Fla. , confirmed Tuesday that Warner is trying to settle the case.)
sent2828	Lawrence Kane Jr.	Live_In	Cincinnati	( Lawrence Kane Jr. of Cincinnati , Ohio 's special prosecutor in the Home State case , declined comment on any settlement possibilities.)
sent2828	Lawrence Kane Jr.	Live_In	Ohio	( Lawrence Kane Jr. of Cincinnati , Ohio 's special prosecutor in the Home State case , declined comment on any settlement possibilities.)
sent2882	Ernesto Perez Balladares	Live_In	the Republic	( -LRB- Text -RRB- The National Central Organization of Panamanian Workers -LRB- CNTP -RRB- , which comprises three workers ' federations and 16 unions for a total of 12 , 000 workers , has proclaimed its determination to support Dr. Ernesto Perez Balladares for the presidency of the Republic .)
sent2884	Andres Vega Cedeno	Live_In	Panama City	( The workers ' organization also voiced its support for Andres Vega Cedeno , also known as " Domplin , " a radio commentator who is running for mayor of Panama City ; and recommended that " the workers also vote for Felipe Cano , who is running for mayor of San Miguelito . ")
sent2884	Felipe Cano	Live_In	San Miguelito	( The workers ' organization also voiced its support for Andres Vega Cedeno , also known as " Domplin , " a radio commentator who is running for mayor of Panama City ; and recommended that " the workers also vote for Felipe Cano , who is running for mayor of San Miguelito . ")
sent2887	Granic	Live_In	Croatia	( Croatia 's Granic Admits Downed Planes Took Off From Croatia LD0303083794 Moscow ITAR-TASS in English 0729 GMT 3 Mar 94)
sent2887	Granic	Live_In	Croatia	( Croatia 's Granic Admits Downed Planes Took Off From Croatia LD0303083794 Moscow ITAR-TASS in English 0729 GMT 3 Mar 94)
sent2896	Boris Yeltsin	Live_In	Moscow	( Moscow March 5 -LRB- ITAR-TASS -RRB- -- Moscow leading newspapers concentrate on the speeches by President Boris Yeltsin and Premier Viktor Chernomyrdin at the government 's enlarged meeting on Friday .)
sent2896	Boris Yeltsin	Live_In	Moscow	( Moscow March 5 -LRB- ITAR-TASS -RRB- -- Moscow leading newspapers concentrate on the speeches by President Boris Yeltsin and Premier Viktor Chernomyrdin at the government 's enlarged meeting on Friday .)
sent2896	Viktor Chernomyrdin	Live_In	Moscow	( Moscow March 5 -LRB- ITAR-TASS -RRB- -- Moscow leading newspapers concentrate on the speeches by President Boris Yeltsin and Premier Viktor Chernomyrdin at the government 's enlarged meeting on Friday .)
sent2896	Viktor Chernomyrdin	Live_In	Moscow	( Moscow March 5 -LRB- ITAR-TASS -RRB- -- Moscow leading newspapers concentrate on the speeches by President Boris Yeltsin and Premier Viktor Chernomyrdin at the government 's enlarged meeting on Friday .)
sent2906	Nikolai Kuznetsov	Live_In	Soviet	( The trud newspaper features the last part of the memoirs by former commander of the Soviet Navy Nikolai Kuznetsov who personally knew Stalin , under the headline " Stalin 's Death . ")
sent2906	Stalin	Live_In	Soviet	( The trud newspaper features the last part of the memoirs by former commander of the Soviet Navy Nikolai Kuznetsov who personally knew Stalin , under the headline " Stalin 's Death . ")
sent2906	Stalin	Live_In	Soviet	( The trud newspaper features the last part of the memoirs by former commander of the Soviet Navy Nikolai Kuznetsov who personally knew Stalin , under the headline " Stalin 's Death . ")
sent2917	Kravchuk	Live_In	Ukraine	( Kravchuk won over 60 percent of the votes and Chornovil , nearly 28 percent in Ukraine 's first presidential elections in December 1991 .)
sent2917	Chornovil	Live_In	Ukraine	( Kravchuk won over 60 percent of the votes and Chornovil , nearly 28 percent in Ukraine 's first presidential elections in December 1991 .)
sent2929	William Miller.	Live_In	Ukraine	( -LRB- Text -RRB- Crimean Supreme Soviet Chairman Mykola Bahrov met today with U.S. Ambassador to Ukraine William Miller.)
sent2937	Tansu Ciller	Live_In	Turkey	( This is how the politicians assessed the DEP 's withdrawal from the political arena so close to the elections and when it had fielded its candidates all over Turkey : Prime Tansu Ciller said : I was expecting such a decision .)
sent2968	Hitler	Live_In	Berlin	( It almost makes me want to laugh. -LRB- Minoli -RRB- Why ? -LRB- Fini -RRB- Bossi is a very strange character and his extreme envy has been demonstrated. -LRB- passage omitted -RRB- He tried to get votes from the south , those votes which he now despises so much , but the south sent him back to the valleys. -LRB- Minoli -RRB- You said that Bossi reminded you of Hitler trapped in his Berlin bunker , a man with delusions of grandeur and a tendency towards suicide .)
sent2972	Benito Mussolini	Live_In	Italy	( If Bossi were fundamental in order for your alliance to govern... -LRB- Fini -RRB- He must accept two questions which for us are more fundamental than government : national unity and solidarity between the north and the south. -LRB- passage omitted -RRB- I believe that until 1938 fascism was useful for Italy , not good or bad , but useful. -LRB- passage omitted -RRB- -LRB- Minoli -RRB- Do you still believe that Benito Mussolini is still the greatest statesman of the 20th century ? -LRB- Fini -RRB- In Italy certainly , without a shadow of a doubt. -LRB- passage omitted -RRB- -LRB- Minoli -RRB- You said ;)
sent2987	Cetin	Live_In	Turkey	( In a statement at the airport before his departure , Cetin said that Turkey welcomed this step taken by Bosnians and Croats and hoped that real peace comes to Bosnia-Herzegovina when Serbs join this process too .)
sent2988	Cetin	Live_In	Turkey	( Cetin added that the ceremony , to which he was invited by his American counterpart Warren Christopher , showed once more the importance and weight of Turkey in the Balkans .)
sent2988	Cetin	Live_In	Balkans	( Cetin added that the ceremony , to which he was invited by his American counterpart Warren Christopher , showed once more the importance and weight of Turkey in the Balkans .)
sent2990	Cetin	Live_In	Turkey	( Evaluating Juppe 's visit , Cetin said that the French Government was not displaying a disturbing stand toward Turkey and was very careful in not intervening in Turkey 's internal affairs .)
sent2990	Cetin	Live_In	Turkey	( Evaluating Juppe 's visit , Cetin said that the French Government was not displaying a disturbing stand toward Turkey and was very careful in not intervening in Turkey 's internal affairs .)
sent2997	Samuel Bogran	Live_In	San Pedro Sula	( During the televised forum in which the candidates for the San Pedro Sula mayorship participated , the subject of industrial contamination was examined in greater depth by Nationalist candidate Samuel Bogran .)
sent3034	Qian Qichen	Live_In	Beijing	( Qian Qichen Leaves Beijing for South Asian Tour OW2102114194 Beijing XINHUA in English 1127 GMT 21 Feb 94)
sent3034	Qian Qichen	Live_In	Beijing	( Qian Qichen Leaves Beijing for South Asian Tour OW2102114194 Beijing XINHUA in English 1127 GMT 21 Feb 94)
sent3036	Qian Qichen	Live_In	Beijing	( -LRB- Text -RRB- Beijing , February 21 -LRB- XINHUA -RRB- -- Chinese Vice-Premier and Foreign Qian Qichen left here this afternoon for a fortnight official good-will visit to Pakistan , Bangladesh , Sri Lanka , Maldives and Iran .)
sent3051	Bill Clinton	Live_In	US	( -LRB- Excerpts -RRB- US President Bill Clinton 's decision to lift a long-standing trade embargo against Vietnam had been expected. -LRB- passage omitted -RRB- In his White House speech , Clinton said the time for bitterness was over and now was the time for a new beginning between Hanoi and Washington .)
sent3073	Mickey Kantor	Live_In	U.S.	( U.S. -LRB- USTR -RRB- Mickey Kantor , who came to Japan amid the political confusion within the Hosokawa administration caused by the economic stimulation plan , stated before he left for home that " If we see no actual results , we might have to consider other options . ")
sent3073	Hosokawa	Live_In	Japan	( U.S. -LRB- USTR -RRB- Mickey Kantor , who came to Japan amid the political confusion within the Hosokawa administration caused by the economic stimulation plan , stated before he left for home that " If we see no actual results , we might have to consider other options . ")
sent3137	Franjo Tudjman	Live_In	Croatia	( Karadjordjevo " -RRB- -LRB- Text -RRB- We cannot remember the last time when -LRB- Croatian President -RRB- Franjo Tudjman was so cheery , excited , joyful , euphoric , and even somewhat melancholic , as he was last Wednesday , when in Geneva the declaration on the gradual normalization of the relations between the republic of Croatia and the FRY was signed .)
sent3152	Mile Akmadzic	Live_In	Croatian Republic of Herceg-Bosna	( Such theories , which are not alone in the international press , find support in another agreement that was also signed in Geneva -- which the Croatian opposition ostensibly did not notice , to the great surprise and almost astonishment of all , and consequently did not comment on , although the integral text was published in Croatian newspapers -- the agreement signed between Mile Akmadzic , on behalf of the Croatian Republic of Herceg-Bosna , and Nikola Koljevic , on behalf of the Serbian Republic , in which both sides emphasize that " there are no disputed issues between them that cannot be solved in a peaceful way . ")
sent3152	Nikola Koljevic	Live_In	Serbian Republic	( Such theories , which are not alone in the international press , find support in another agreement that was also signed in Geneva -- which the Croatian opposition ostensibly did not notice , to the great surprise and almost astonishment of all , and consequently did not comment on , although the integral text was published in Croatian newspapers -- the agreement signed between Mile Akmadzic , on behalf of the Croatian Republic of Herceg-Bosna , and Nikola Koljevic , on behalf of the Serbian Republic , in which both sides emphasize that " there are no disputed issues between them that cannot be solved in a peaceful way . ")
